Update:how-to-work-on-coding-challenges.md: presentation & grammar edited (#37103)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-work-on-coding-challenges.md

Our goal is to develop a fun and clear interactive learning experience.

> Designing interactive coding challenges is difficult. It would be much easier to write a lengthy explanation or to create a video tutorial, and there's a place for those on Medium, YouTube and many other platforms. However, for our core curriculum, we're sticking with what works best for most people - a fully interactive, video game-like experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Designing interactive coding challenges is difficult. It would be much easier to write a lengthy explanation or to create a video tutorial, and there's a place for those on our Developer News and our YouTube channel. However, for our core curriculum, we're sticking with what works best for most people - a fully interactive, video game-like experience.
```
